Update About > Introduction for Godot 4 (#7179)
godotengine/godot-docs: about/introduction.rst

::

    func _ready():

>         print("Hello world!")

Author: This is a tiny bit less Godot without showing off `$`, but also runnable in a new scene or project as is.
Also more traditional, I guess :) Not an important change.

Welcome to the official documentation of **Godot Engine**, the free and open source
community-driven 2D and 3D game engine! Behind this mouthful, you will find a
powerful yet user-friendly tool that you can use to develop any kind of game,
for any platform and with no usage restriction whatsoever.

> This page gives a broad overview of the engine and this documentation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page gives a broad overview of the engine and of this documentation,
```

Not sure what grammar rules are about this, but that reads better IMO.

> This page gives a broad overview over the engine and and this documentation,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page gives a broad overview of the engine and this documentation,
```

"overview over" doesn't sound right. also extra "and" here.

`Q&A <https://godotengine.org/qa/>`_.

About Godot Engine
------------------

A game engine is a complex tool and difficult to present in a few words.
Here's a quick synopsis, which you are free to reuse
if you need a quick write-up about Godot Engine:

    Godot Engine is a feature-packed, cross-platform game engine to create 2D
    and 3D games from a unified interface. It provides a comprehensive set of
    common tools, so that users can focus on making games without having to
    reinvent the wheel. Games can be exported with one click to a number of
    platforms, including the major desktop platforms (Linux, macOS, Windows),
    mobile platforms (Android, iOS), as well as Web-based platforms and consoles.

    Godot is completely free and open source under the :ref:`permissive MIT
    license <doc_complying_with_licenses>`. No strings attached, no royalties,
    nothing. Users' games are theirs, down to the last line of engine code.
    Godot's development is fully independent and community-driven, empowering
    users to help shape their engine to match their expectations.
    It is supported by the `Godot Foundation <https://godot.foundation/>`_
    not-for-profit.

> 

Author: This was updated from SFC to Godot Foundation, and the copy-paste was also updated from the engine repo and now mentions consoles. Also added a link to the license page.

Organization of the documentation
---------------------------------

This documentation is organized into several sections:

- **About** contains this introduction as well as
  information about the engine, its history, its licensing, authors, etc. It
  also contains the :ref:`doc_faq`.

> - **Getting Started** section contains all necessary information on using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Getting Started** contains all necessary information on using the
```
You removed "section" after "about" earlier so it's weird to have it still here.

  engine to make games. It starts with the :ref:`Step by step
  <toc-learn-step_by_step>` tutorial which should be the entry point for all
  new users. **This is the best place to start if you're new!**
- The **Manual** can be read  or referenced as needed,
  in any order. It contains feature-specific tutorials and documentation.
- **Contributing** gives information related to contributing to

>   Godot, whether to the core engine, documentation, demos or other parts,
>   e.g. how to report bugs, organization and processes, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Godot, whether to the core engine, documentation, demos or other parts.
  It describes how to report bugs, how contributor workflows are organized, etc.
```

  It also contains sections intended for advanced users and contributors,
  with information on compiling the engine, contributing to the editor,
  or developing C++ modules.

> - **Community** dedicated to the life of Godot's community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Community** is dedicated to the life of Godot's community.
```

  It points to various community channels like the Godot Contributors Chat and

>   Discord and contains a list of recommended third-party tutorials and

Reviewer: Should there be links to RC and Discord?

  also available directly within the engine's script editor.
  You can find information on all classes, functions, signals and so on here.

In addition to this documentation, you may also want to take a look at the
various `Godot demo projects <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects>`_.

About this documentation
------------------------

Members of the Godot Engine community continuously write, correct, edit, and
improve this documentation. We are always looking for more help. You can also
contribute by opening Github issues or translating the documentation into your language.
If you are interested in helping, see :ref:`Ways to contribute <doc_ways_to_contribute>`
and :ref:`Writing documentation <doc_contributing_writing_documentation>`,
or get in touch with the `Documentation team <https://godotengine.org/teams/#documentation>`_
on `Godot Contributors Chat <https://chat.godotengine.org/>`_.

All documentation content is licensed under the permissive Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
(`CC BY 3.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/>`_) license,
with attribution to "*Juan Linietsky, Ariel Manzur, and the Godot Engine community*"
unless otherwise noted.

> *Have fun reading and making games with Godot Engine!*

Author: The whole *About this documentation* paragraph got moved to the end as its a bit self-serving and not the most important information for a brand new user. At the same time, I've made the plea for contributors/help more direct and added links on how to get in contact, join and contribute instead of needless details about Sphinx or RST.
